What are you doing?
Gu Yuxi, he is your brother
Do you know what you're doing?
roll
Gu Yanchen, what do you mean?
I declare
From today onwards, I, Gu Yanchen, will cancel the shipping tube.
Gu Yanchen
Give you a chance to take back what you just said
Otherwise, our marriage contract will be completely broken
Are you sure you can afford this?
Miss He
I thought I had reached an agreement with you long ago
My marriage to you
It was meant for business networking
Even business networking
I, He Junya, will also share a man with others
Besides, you know you won't get results
You dragged him into the water
Where are you cleaner than me?
Don't say that, my brother didn't drag me into the water
Why are you talking, wild girl?
Who are you calling a girl?
In my eyes, I take you as a run
You just want a grass
In line with Junya
It is better to be broken jade than to be whole
Miss Liu
I want to use me and Junya as low-hanging tools
dream